	Prologue.

	Hi, my name is Whatever You Want It To Be and I want introduce you to the most up to date coding platform which is called The Brain. It runs on every operating system, may it be United States of America and Sh'iah Contry of Iraq and Syria. Every system has it's own requirements and many are incompatible with each other making coding a pain in the ass. I bet that your grandpa or even a great great great father of your country did it in his sleep, when he was that bright like you are, he did it in sunlight. You would like to try it right now. You would like to code Facebook right in glimpse of an eye, but tell me why we need another one? There is an internet shop in every country, there is no internet for some others or even a smartphone, so how would you like to code it? Then you must be smart, how would you do it? Born in some rich family, or go to the easiest collage to stand out in the crowd, whatever it is you're not the coder until you will learn to live without it. You think why you shoul code when there is nothing to it? Then my very best question is why not? You think that everything you do don't have any consequencies and you're free of obligations doing what you do. You're an engineer, maybe have masters and you're thinking about phd... WTF? Did you do something for your mother last week or even month? Yes, maybe you're better in doing good than me, but still you're not a coder, still not the. You hope to get out on few beers and kill the laughs or the other way, tell me then how you are doing that every thing you call coding? To tell you the truth you are coded all the way to this very sentence.
	After the short introduction there is time to get to the design phase. To tell you the truth it's the easiest part of coding, because there is no need to code, and all you do is not coding at this very moment, thus you are designing or if you code all the way to this point it's that time when you think about your code and redesign it to be somewhat useful for others, or for you, which is the way of coding. You have to design everything, reverse engineer every aspect which interfere with your code, to be able to code your way out of the box of others peoples code. To tell you the truth every one who can code, code against you, so you have to be able to code against someone else or even against yourself to get the other coders inside your trap so they code for you. You should think if it is that you want to do, don't code and claim the code for yourself. Are you that strong? If you really want to know, it's very hard to cope with people claiming everything you did yourself is theirs, but after all who cares? If it's useful and free and even you, yourself can or could use it, why not? It's not the question for everybody elso not coding themself the solution if this solution should be for free or fully open source? Then if you have some time you could code another solution for existing solution making it closed source and paid, but should you work for this kind of company or developers network. Maybe you're not that smart after all charging people money for solution you didn't design or code but which is essential for the usefulness of your added solution. Then there is no question about a design, why? It's just a matter of taste.
	I don't mean to sound crazy, but as you know it's easy to have many identities over the net, and even in real world out there, especially there. You could write down every piece of paper you got, but will it work that good for you as it did with not working hard on somone else behalf. I think it's easier for me. No one actually knows how, why or when, not mentioning who, all they want is to get by to the very end of it. It is written in some textbook, or other very important book, or maybe in many of them. Why it's like that? Why I try to change it? Maybe I'm making people happy against their own will and it's me who should be blamed for trying to change the world, when noone cares. I'm not sure if I do? I feel like from a book about the scientist and devil, and still I don't know which one I am. Maybe I'm both... That's the coding phase apogeum, phase full of distractions, when you have to repeat your thoughts like meditation mantra to be able to compile or interpret things you want to be compiled or interpreted by computer system called commonly the Human, the one with the shortest story about him or her. He don't care, he want to party, he don't think, he use his mind like a tape, playing and recording his thoughts, but they are no lonnger his, they belong to sombody else when they are recorderd and they belong to somebody else when they are played. Tell me please how would you like to own something, or earn something when everything you do is not yours? How would you get out of this kind of contradiction? Can you ride with it all the way long from the operating system phase, to the design phase, up the way to coding phase, leaving everything in production to somebody else? Are you that strong to be the real Brain?

	Act I.

	Somwhere in European Union under no working government, it's about to shock. Starting: The Brain, biggest thing on earth; The Human, good worker of Brain's company; System, an abstraction working for noone, very treatearos, sometimes good for brain, sometimes good for human, rarely both, often bad for two of them, but it has power which none Human or Brain alone can fight with.
	Brain - What to do? There is so many things I can, and I can't choose one to focus on. Halp maybe?
	Human - Why you need help? You got me, I can do anything you want, we could start with a research, then draw a table with pros and cons and we'll be good.
	System - No you will not do that. You have to read carefully the notes people before you have wrote down, and then you will choose your carieer path, starting in some of the local collages or better universities. You will choose, what you're told and have no objections, because we long ago have decided where we're heading and you will not change the course of Human and Brain. Understand?
	Human - Yes, sir!
	Brain - No way, you piece of shit! I will never do what I am told, not before I calculate what's good for me and only me, I am my only master, and Human is working for me, not for you!
	Human - But mr. Brain, we have an opportunity to have a good life, find a way to the money and stuff, we deserve it! We can do this! You know mr. Brain that we are good for people, we can do much goodnes, as we will go along our life, and we will be remembere for long ahead by our childrens, and their friends and we will have respect. That's the way the System works, we will know what's good for us because we were told so, we don't have to question anything, just take and be thankfull for gracefullness of System and all the unknown ways how it works, we could have a living, and do this and that, I don't even know what it could be, I can't think of it right now, but e could do all of this!
	Brain - You're delusional, you don't know what you're talking about, all you take for the future is some words without any evidence. Did the System told us what our future will be? I want to have endorfins, serotonine and dopamine not some lies behind which there is only poropaganda of success without any tale about that who faild in their mission to accomplish someones else goals written long ago by some monk in a fucking monastery! How could he know what's good for us? He didn't lived in today's world to tell me, the master of my life, how should I work, how, should I live, what to love and what to hate? Is there any evidence that what System is saying is actually true? Maybe it's not that one monk, maybe is't a management request to do something for them, or the club of marketing gurus thinking they could sell anything to anyone using only the System as their messanger. You don't know any of that, so how could you choose what's good for you, and for your children, when there is no businessplan, or a prospect you coudl read to know exactly what steps you will have to take to accomplish your orders given to you by the System itself, not your real boss, me, The Brain!
	System - Shut up Brain, your tricks won't work on Human anymore, he's under my influence, he will do what I tell him, and you will have to respect that, because you no longer have anything to say! I am the ruler, not some Brain! You won't get any serotonine or dopamine anymore, you will get them when I tell Human he can give them to you, it's all in my control. In only few words, you can go fuck yourself Brain, I have the real power, you can't do anything to me, I'm an abstraction and I live above you both, Human and Brain! I should laugh about you two, because your miserable life is so funny that it's the only thing I will do about you, now go to the fucking school, both of you. Fuckers, hahahahaha!
	Human and his boss, mr. Brain walks away thinking bout all that matters.
	Human - Mr. Brain, what does the System said? I don't understand his words, he talks in some kind of language I can't understand a bit, mr. Brains? He's telling a good thing anyway, because he has the power to do good, then why he wouldn't? Am I right mr, Brain?, Mr. Brain?
	Brain - ... Oh I'm sorry Human, I was thinking about what System said. No he didn't said good things, but you don't have to listen to him anymore, he's just our way keeping order and we created this abstracion, then we have to know how to fix it, or reset it to the original state, so we could program the System that it will do good for us... Human, what are you doing?
	Human - I'm sorry mr. Brain, I had to, it's my nature to do stupid things, once more I'm sorry. But going back to changing System talk, didn't the people before us changed things in System to make it work better for them?
	Brain - Holy shit! Human, once in a time you're saying brilliant things, but we have to change things in System now, or we will be left alone on the edge of it, with noone caring about!
	Human - No! You said yourself, that you don't know who set System like this and I just did tell you, what you need? An evidence? I can't give you one, but I think that before us there were Humans with Brains and they did the same thing over and over just to get the desired future but just for them and their children, no longer horizon of thoughts were with them, we have to stop this infernal circle right now!
	Brain - I don't recognize you any more Human, have you been taking your meds lately? You talk like you were not here, and I'm afraid if you can still work for me? I have to think about it...
	Human - No, mr. Brain, we have to act, and act right now, otherwise we will be left here for a long time, not knowing what to do with our life, how to do good for us and maybe for others too, mr. Brain, ask System if it knows about other Humans and Brains trying to change her.
	Brain - I don't know if it's a good thing to do...
	Human - Mr. Brain! We have to do this, otherwise, we will never know! System may give us some clues about our heritage, ancestors and we could form the future how it should be, not how our fathers wanted, they didn't know what we're facing, mr. Brain, please talk to System.
	Brain and Human walks away, but they didn't know they were all the time eavesdropped by System. System starts to think out loud.
	System - How Human dared to tell this to Brain, he can't do anything else he's obligated to, he only can do certain things which I aproove, I can't let this happen to me, I think that I could change to appear to them like something better, something they could rely on, but in reality I will be the same old System they want to fight with. They have no chance with me! I am the only power here, I am the ruler!	
	Brain and Human walks the path but in the end there is a crossroad, they started to fight wich way to go.
	Brain - Human, listen to me, we can't go seperate ways, we have to keep together to fight with that call to power by System, we can't divide ourselfs, you know very well that I can't do anything without, and you can't live without me!
	Human - Mr. Brain, you have done so much bad to me, I can't figure out which way to go from here, you want your way, I want my way and this ways isn't the same direction. We have to do something about System so it could work with us, not against, we have to plan, redesign it, make the changes to System and try it out. I can't go your way of thinking it through, I have to act!
	Brain - You can't act when you don't know what's right and what's wrong, I have to be your guide, you can't do that blindly hoping you have enough luck to accoplish this change in System, we have to work togother to find the porper solution to all this mess System got us into. Think carefully, System can't be changed by only you, because it was designed by my father Braind and his father Brain, your father Human only did the changes, by appending them to the live System. But our system is evil, it don't work us, it want more and more power to rule us, we don't know who's telling him to do such a things, we must find this bug and find a workaround.
	Human - I can't understand what you're talking about, I have to act!
	Human runs away crossroads to the mountains chased by Brain yelling at him in some unspeakable language making Human more insecure about his mind and boss. System and New System is listening to them and laghing all the way chasing them.
	Old System starts to change his appearence and finnaly, boom! There is old System and his brother, New System.
	Old System - Hello, my brother.
	New System - You know what I can do, don't you?
	Old System - Yes I do, and I want you to do it right, understand?
	New System - No need to worry my brother, I take care of Human and Brain, you take care of them.
	Systems walks separate ways, New System chasing Brain and Human, and Old System taking a path of experience.

	Act II.
